But, not everything is good news,
because what if we wanna create
here an array of courses.
So I create courses, and
I say it's going to be a variable, and
it's an array of, let's say, two.
Two what?
2 courses and then we say okay,
the first one,
let's do that at the end
after defining them.
I'm sorry Kyle,
I will delete you for a while,
nothing personal, but
we don't need you now.
So let's do this, so it's getting better.
So zero is going to be
the core Go course and
then the other one it's going
to be the Swift workshop, okay?
The problem is that in fact
it's suggesting me something,
what's the problem?
That Swift workshop is not a course.
It's not real inheritance.
It's a workshop, it's a different type.
So, and I want this because
instead of printing one by one,
maybe what I want is to
make a loop here and
use a for and we can use this,
we can say for
each index that cast a course
that our range you use for
range, we use the keyword range and
the collection.
So for each course What he wants to
do is to print or format print F.
Anyway, I don't need to use print f
with this I can just use print line.
It will take the same string method,
print line and print line course.
You can see that this for range, receives
the index, the numbers of 0, 1, 2,
blah, blah, blah, and the element.
If you don't need the number,
you can use underscore.
If you don't need the index.
Okay, but we have this problem.
It's a big problem.
We cannot make an array that
includes both worships and courses.
Do you all understand the problem?
Okay, let's see how to solve the problem.
To solve the problem,
we go back to the idea of interfaces,
that was defined here as
the final type that we can create.
An interface is a definition of methods,
it's a list of methods.
And we can use polymorphism, or
at least emulate polymorphism with this.
Let's see them in action,
how it can help here.
So for example, we can say that
I mean, it's not necessary to add this
method for you to get the better idea,
I'm going to add a method on
the course that, so it's a method,
so we have this special thing,
that will, for example, sign up.
It will you can ask for a sign-up.
They will return an eyeball wherever.
You're a dental, yeah, you're in.
Okay, so sign up to the course.
So and of course the workshop
can have the same as well.
And also it can have its own signup.
But if I try to do that, it says, hey,
well this is course, so
you shouldn't change,
it doesn't matter the file where
it's in the same package, okay?
So I can change the implementation here.
So both cores and
workshops they have signed up, okay?
Make sense?
So now I can go to the same package.
Typically, we create a new file for this.
I'm going to create an interface.
First, it's a new file.
We start always with package and
the name of the package.
And then we create a new type that
we can call it as Signable or
kind of course, kind of sign up,
any name will work.
You will understand the name,
I mean, it's like signable,
something that you can sign to,
and it's an interface.
And what you put here in the interface,
at least of methods without any code,
just the signature of the method.
In our case,
it's going to be sign up boot.
So I can say I wanted to have
a function with a name, signup bowl.
Okay, something like this.
I still need to work with this, okay?
So let me show you the idea here,
how it looks like,
because you can see that it's
complaining because I have one more step
that the fun keyword
is not necessary here.
So an interface is just a list of methods.
And then we can use that as a type.
You say, okay,
if you have ever played with Java, Czar,
PHP, Swift, Kotlin,
they have interfaces or protocols.
It's kind of something similar.
I really like the name protocol.
It's not the Go name.
But I like the name too, and
understand what's going on.
So we are defining a protocol.
And then we can see which
structures are following
the protocol are implementing
the interface.
So in this case,
I don't need the fun keyword.
That was the thing.
So it's just the same function declaration
without the fun keyword, Just that.
So now I can go to my array and
say, you know what,
it's not going to be a ray of course,
because if I say so,
it will be only instances
of that structure.
I'm gonna say, they're gonna be signables.
Now it works, I don't have any errors.
And I am seeing your faces even
I'm imagining the faces over
the camera like, but wait a minute.
Where did I set that course I worship
are implementing that interface.
I'm not saying it anywhere.
In Go, it's implicit by the name or
the signature of your interface.
So, if you have any type
of with that method,
with that signature you're in,
you're in the interface automatically.
You don't need to say so.
You don't need to say implement signable.
No, it just works.
Any type with a method, sign up,
return your bull will be in automatically.
That's what is known as, do I say here,
implicit implementation.
So let's run this because
I didn't run this yet, and
now it works, both are working properly.
Because both are having that method so I
can create an array, a collection of them.
That's an interface, and
that's polymorphism.
Looping through a lot of objects without
actually knowing the kind of objects,
I just need to know that it has
the function or the action that I need.